# File contents:
1. Data Preparation/ : This is the first stage of the model building process. This folder consists of the code used to prepare the datasets collected for training the NER model. In particular, the manually labelled dataset consisting of module descriptions and sentences generated by ChatGPT will be prepared during this stage.
2. Training/ : This is the second stage of the model building process. This folder consists of the code used to train the NER model after data preparation has been completed. The two files (train_NER.sh and Training Spacy Model.ipynb) serve as two different ways you can train the model. Though the code used to train the model is exactly identical, training using the bash shell script (train_NER.sh) allows for information such as # of epochs, evaluation metric scores (recall, precision, F1 score) and other information to be displayed on your console without buffering. To train with the shell script, navigate into this directory and run "bash train_NER.sh" Training using the Jupyter notebook (Training Spacy Model.ipynb) does not allow this information to be displayed in real-time, but buffers all of this information and displays them all in one shot after training is completed. However, the notebook consist of more code at the bottom of the notebook to visually inspect the performance of the model by using it to predict on some text examples. NOTE: THIS TRAINING PROCESS REQUIRES THE WORD EMBEDDINGS GENERATED BY THE WORD2VEC MODEL. TRAIN THE WORD2VEC MODEL FIRST IF YOU HAVE NOT DONE SO. Visit ../W2V Model/ to find out more.
3. Model Evaluation/ : This is the third stage of the model building process. This folder consists of the code used to evaluate the model's performance by testing it on some text data. The Testing Spacy Model.ipynb consists of code to do this. As for scoring_university.py, this file consists of code that will be deployed in the container. It contains functions needed to generate scores for every university against a given job description, as well as for every module against a given skill.
4. Unit Tests/ : This is the fourth stage of the model building process. This folder consists of unit testing code used to test for any available bugs in the scoring_university.py file located in "3. Model Evaluation/". There is a README.md file within that contains more explanation of the unit tests.
5. Training Pipeline : This folder stores the configurations that make up the training pipeline of the NER model. <b>Do not edit the contents of this folder.</b>
6. Model Resources : This folder stores any resources generated by the model. As of now, there is only a vocab.pkl file which stores the vocabulary set of the Word2Vec model. You can use it to store any miscellaneous files or documents.
7. model-best & model-last : These two folders store the two models respectively. model-best stores the NER model which produced best results during the training phase of 30 epochs. model-last stores the NER model after training for 30 epochs. <b>Do not edit the contents of this folder.</b>
